- [Nana] I never should
have gotten a cell phone.
I know I'm the one who's
been staying out all night
and not telling Hachi,
but she won't even text me.
She seems to be getting
more and more self-centered.
It's annoying.
(rock music)
I don't want to communicate
through some stupid machine.
It only tests the strength
of people's bonds.
(somber music)
I haven't been home for nine
days now.
The longer I stay away, the
harder it is to go back.
But I can't just keep
staying here.
What am I gonna do?
I wonder what Hachi's been doing
all by herself in the apartment.
Trapnest recording keeps
dragging on and on.
The band's been crashing
together at the studio's
apartment.
I'm sure Hachi's been
lonely every day.
I can't imagine that
self-centered jerk contacting
her much.
But I can't feel sorry for her.
This is the life she chose.
- Good morning.
You sure are up early today,
Takumi.
Did you manage to get any sleep?
- No, I was about to take
a nap right now.
- Ah, you've been working
so hard, haven't you?
- So how's Reira doing?
- She's out like a light.
I guess that means
the medicine the doctor
prescribed is working.
- Sleeping pills, huh?
Maybe I should take some.
- So you've been having a
hard time falling asleep too?
- Well, I bet if I had
you in bed with me
I could get to sleep.
- Oh, I'm not like that!
- So cruel.
This life of abstinence is so
hard I can't take it anymore.
- Well then, I think you
better finish recording
as soon as possible.
- I hope we do.
We're so far behind schedule
I think Takeda's on
the verge of losing it.
- I bet your fiance's
about to lose it too,
being so lonely.
- Actually, it's quite
the opposite.
She sends me at least 10
text messages every day.
Stuff like, I knitted socks.
Sounds like she's having fun.
- She knit socks?
- She's getting a head start on
things.
The baby's not due
until next May.
- Oh, you mean for the baby?
- Why is it that girls always
ignore
the really important stuff
but will continually gab
about the most mundane things?
That's something I've never
understood.
- Yeah, whatever you say.
Please just make sure you send
her text messages too, okay?
- I do.
Knit some for daddy, you know.
- [Mari] Seriously?
- But what if she really
does knit me a pair?
They'd probably look just like
the baby's.
- [Mari] You'd have to wear 'em.
I'd die to see that.
- [Nana] I was hoping that
Hachi would get lonely
and that she'd miss being with
me.
(elevator dings)
- Nana Osaki, yeah,
yeah, I remember.
The rabbits, right?
- [Kurada] Huh? The rabbits?
- Hey, is this thing on, man?
Is this gonna be shown on TV?
- [Kurada] No, no, it's
for a magazine article.
Don't worry.
- Whatever, man, I don't
wanna get involved.
But are you here 'cause
Osaki did something else?
- Oh, it was back
in fifth grade.
One morning all the rabbits
in the science room cage
were found murdered.
We all figured Nana
was the one who did it.
She was morbid, you know?
She looked like she would
do something like that.
- [Woman] Nana Osaki really
stood out in junior high,
but she was antisocial
so people assumed the
worst about her.
- [Kurada] Did the other
kids bully her?
- [Woman] I don't really know,
but I heard she freaked out
on a senior who harassed her
and beat him up pretty bad.
- Osaki, isn't she that girl
who got kicked outta high
school 'cause she was a hooker?
So, what did she do this time?
- So I guess you could say
researching her
turned out to be more like
digging up the sordid past of a
criminal.
- (laughing) Oh my god,
I just love this girl.
We'll never run out of
dirt on her.
- Well I've certainly
had enough of it.
Why do I have to go and
do this stuff anyway?
I'm a photographer.
- 'Cause we're short
staffed, that's why.
- Can I at least take
the rest of the day off?
Ren's still locked up
in the studio, right?
- Yeah, they're only
recording two songs.
Why is it taking them 10 day?
I wonder if there's trouble
brewing.
- Excuse me, Chief.
I just got a call.
Trapnest has finished recording.
They're all leaving the
studio and going home.
- Kurata!
I personally guarantee this
story gets a huge spread.
That is, of course, if
you get the money shot.
- So what do you think
of the new song,
Mr. Matsuo and Mr. Kawano?
- I like it.
It has a lot of energy
and sex appeal.
- It's great, I loved every
minute of it.
- Then you really ought
to let us start recording it.
And don't you think we need
to decide on an agency soon?
- (clears throat) We're
all busy getting things set
for the release of your
first single.
- Is that tanuki-faced bastard
even doing his job?
- (laughing) Tanuki!
- Hey, it's not funny!
- [Nobu] That's totally
what he's like.
- [Nana] Are you drunk already?
- Yeah, but there's no
point in trying, anyway.
- Shin, how serious
are you about the band?
- [Matsuo] The label isn't
gonna throw money into this
unless it's a sure shot.
- I heard him say it, Gaia
isn't gonna invest money
into a straight up punk
band like us.
- Are you serious?
Who said that?
- [Kawano] I am really so sorry.
I'm afraid it's my fault there
hasn't been much progress.
- [Yasu] It's not your
fault, Mr. Kawano,
our band just isn't mainstream.
- No, your band isn't
the problem,
that much. I'm certain of.
Due to the current recession,
Gaia's reluctant to take
on any new bands.
- True.
It's a difficult time for
bands right now, isn't it?
- But when you look at Trapnest,
they managed to ring up
almost three million in sales
every time they
release an album.
I guess a big part of
their success
lies with their vocalist.
Reira has the image to
ride the diva boom.
- [Reira] If I can't
see it, I'm worthless.
- But Nana's got a chance too.
She's definitely dynamic
enough in her own way.
So you better not start thinking
I've given up on you guys, okay?
- And I can promise you
that we won't be giving
up so easily either.
- Well then all I'm asking
for is a little more time.
- The temporary contract
lasts for three months, right?
We signed that
contract trusting you
so we'll keep up
our end of the deal, okay?
- Thanks, Yasu, I really
appreciate it.
- We're the ones who
should be thanking you.
I'm just glad that we
have someone like you
who has faith in us.
- Unfortunately, it takes
more than that
to make things happen in
this business.
- But I really don't want
our music to be thought of
as just a business, devoid
of meaning or feeling.
It needs to be more than that.
You have to understand
that both Nana and Shin
have had the misfortune
of growing up
without any love in their lives.
And that's why I don't
want them to believe
that this world revolves
around nothing more
than money and greed.
(poignant music)
But I'm sure there'll
be times in the future
when we'll be forced to
think that way.
So we want someone like you,
someone who's gonna be
there to back us up
simply because you
love our band.
Is that too much ask?
- Well, you seem to be carrying
a heavier burden than I am.
- Huh?
- Allow me to carry half of it.
Don't try to take on too much.
If your hands are full
then you won't be able
to do anything
when you have to make
your own move.
Here.
- [Yasu] Hmm, I guess
you're right.
(quiet guitar music)
- Geez, you're having another
one, Nobu?
- That's right, what else am I
gonna do?
The economy's in the toilet.
Feel like I've just been laid
off.
- I think you need Hachi to
cheer you up.
- I guess I shouldn't
blame it on the economy.
I'm just gonna have to write
songs
that'll blow away those
guys at Gaia.
Give me that!
- Hey, did something happen
between you and Hachi?
Nobody's been talking about
her at the studio anymore.
- Shin, ever, ever
mention that name again.
Even Nobu has a thing or two
that he doesn't want to
talk about.
Got it?
- I meant to ask you, why'd
you buy this acoustic guitar?
- No real reason.
I'm taking off. Later.
- [Nana] It sure is a good thing
you got so many old ladies
to give you comfort.
Especially when they buy
you brand new guitars.
- I bought it myself!
- Oh, that's right.
And where did you get the
money from?
Same diff.
(tense music)
- [Nobu] Nana.
- Only spoiled brats
lose their drive
'cause it's so easy for them
to get whatever the
hell they want.
And what do you mean
there's no point in trying?
Instead of spending your time
fooling around with an acoustic,
why don't you practice
your bass?
- You know, I don't think
I should be lectured
by a singer who can't
quit smoking.
- What?
- Easy now.
- By the way, I've been
wondering,
where did you get your
guitar from?
I mean, you couldn't afford
it just working part-time jobs
and it's not like you're good
enough to justify playing it.
- I borrowed it from Ren!
- And what about all your
clothes?
Last time I checked, they were
all gifts from Misato or Ren.
(cans clattering)
(Nana growling)
- Nana!
- What's wrong with gifts?
At least I'm not a
prostitute like you!
- Would you guys just cool it?
- You're so right, Nana,
you're not like me.
You see I'm one of those
people who work for a living
but you're just a parasite
who's living off of Ren's
kindness.
- Shin!
There's nothing you can do
about a delinquent like him.
Why are you taking your clothes
off?
(Nana sobbing)
- Damn it.
Is it so bad?
Is it wrong to accept his
kindness?
- No, there's nothing wrong with
that.
Don't you know by now
not to listen to Shin?
He just said all that stuff
to feel better about himself.
I actually think you should
let Ren spoil you even more.
You don't wanna let your
stubborn pride drive
everyone away.
(Nana crying)
(phone ringing)
Hey.
- What's up, dude?
Sorry to bother you so late.
Were you asleep?
- Oh no, I'm still up.
- Everything okay?
- Mm hm.
- Really?
I'm guessing you know
all about Hachiko by now.
- Well,
there's nothing I can
really do anymore, you know?
To be honest,
I'm kind of out of the
picture at this point.
- So you're finally able
to face reality.
Maybe now you can start to see
what your parents went
through having to raise you.
- Yeah, you're totally right.
- Man, you're way too easy.
It's no fun bullying you.
- Anyway, look, Nana's over
here at my place right now.
- Oh, she's at your place.
I was starting to get worried
'cause she wasn't answering
whenever I called her cell
phone.
I didn't get a text from her or
anything.
- What? Really?
Well, sometimes she forgets to
turn it on.
You know, after practice,
the three of us sat around
and had a few beers.
To tell you the truth, Ren,
she's been acting kind
weird lately.
She's always been kind of moody,
but her mood swings were
never this extreme before.
She'd just got into a
fight with Shin
and now she's crying on my bed
Also, I promised not to tell
anyone,
but she told me that sometimes
she can't remember what
she's been doing.
- Yeah, that's a little weird.
- Nana.
Nana, get up.
At least put your clothes on.
- Ugh, shut up already.
Come here if you really are man,
I bet I've got a few
things I could teach you.
- Ren said he's coming
over to pick you up.
If he sees you like that he
might get the wrong idea.
So hurry up, he's gonna
be here any minute now.
- He doesn't have to get me!
- Why not?
Geez, put your clothes on!
- What if the mosquitoes follow
him?
It's way too dangerous.
- Mosquitoes?
- Paparazzi have been
following those guys.
Even Naoki knows about
it so it's gotta be bad.
- But I'm sure it's fine.
Ren wouldn't come if he
thought it was too risky.
- Listen, Ren has no idea
how much damages a
scandal can cause.
He never even told me
he was being followed,
he just kept asking me to
come over to his place.
The truth is he only thinks
about himself.
I don't wanna get the media's
attention as only Ren's girl.
Give him back his guitar for me
and tell him I won't be
seeing him for a while.
- Is your pride that
important to you?
Ren needs you as much
as you need him.
You're the one who's
thinking only about yourself.
- Like a moon that's not quite
full,
that's how I am when I'm with
Ren.
No matter how much we love each
other
I don't think there's
anyone who can fulfill me.
But when I'm on stage,
that's when I feel complete.
I have to protect my dream at
any cost.
Even if it means making
sacrifices.
I wonder if Hachi's sleeping.
What time is it?
Where's my cell phone?
It's annoying having one,
but I need it.
Takumi might be in there.
Wait, this is my apartment.
What's stopping me
from going in?
(Nana sighs)
It's so quiet.
Is she here?
She might have Takumi in
there, but maybe she's alone.
Whatever, I don't know anymore.
(Nana gasps)
(dramatic music)
What's this?
What's going on?
(Nana knocking)
Hachi?
(tense music)
Hachiko, are you in here?
Hey, Hachi,
back then, when you kept
losing yourself in love,
maybe we weren't that different.
(gentle music)
We both struggled for the same
thing,
to feel fulfilled.
I can understand some of
those feelings you had.
It's just that I
couldn't back then.
is your new life that you're
protected at all costs
still fulfilling you even now?